Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The Assistant Warden wants this
one out of the block early.
Wants to get it over with fast.
Okay, let's do it.
Psst. Hey.
Come on, wake up, it's time.
Wake up. Let's go, it's time.
Well, this is it.
7474505B.
- What wing?
- Maximum wing, Block 9.
Standard release?
Parole, three out of
five. Good behaviour.
Give me a minute.
One Timex digital watch, broken.
One unused prophylactic.
One soiled.
Boots, black. Belt, black.
One black suit jacket.
One pair black suit pants.
One hat. Black.
One pair of sunglasses.
$23.07.
Sign here.
What's this?
What?
This car.
This stupid car.
Where's the Cadillac?
The Caddy. Where's the Caddy?
The what?
The Cadillac we used to have.
The Bluesmobile.
I traded it.
You traded the
Bluesmobile for this?
No, for a microphone.
A microphone?
Okay, I can see that.
What the hell is this?
This was a bargain.
I picked it up at
the Mount Prospect
City Police Auction last spring.
It's an old Mount
Prospect police car.
They were practically
giving them away.
Well, thank you, pal.
The day I get out of prison,
my own brother picks
me up in a police car.
You don't like it?
No, I don't like it.
Car's got a lot of pick-up.
It's got a cop motor, a
440 cubic-inch plant.
It's got cop tyres, cop
suspension, cop shocks.
It was a model made
before catalytic
converters so it'll run
good on regular gas.
What do you say?
Is it the new
Bluesmobile, or what?
Fix the cigarette lighter.
What are we doing here?
You promised you'd visit the
Penguin the day you got out.
Yeah. So, I lied to her.
You can't lie to a nun.
We gotta go in and
visit the Penguin.
No fucking way.
Who is it?
Jake and Elwood.
Come in.
Hello, boys.
Nice to see you.
Please, have a seat.
No, boys. Come over
here in front of me.
I want to see your faces.
The county took a tax assessment
of this property last month.
They want $5,000.
Doesn't the Church
have to pay that?
They would, if they were
interested in keeping the place.
But they aren't.
The Archbishop wants to
sell this building outright
to the Board of Education.
What's gonna happen to you?
I'll be sent to the
missions: Africa,
Latin America,
- Korea...
- Forget it.
$5,000? No problem.
We'll have it for you in
the morning. Let's go.
No. I will not take your
filthy, stolen money.
Well, then.
I guess you're really
up shit creek.
I beg your pardon.
What did you say?
I offered to help you.
You refused to take our money.
Then I said, "I guess you're
really up shit creek."
- Ow.
- Christ, Jake, take it easy, man.
Elwood.
Jesus Christ.
Shit. Goddamn it.
Son of a bitch.
Jesus Christ. You son of a bitch.
You fat penguin.
Fuck this noise, man.
You are such a disappointing pair.
I prayed so hard for you.
It saddens and hurts me
that the two young
men whom I raised
to believe in the
Ten Commandments,
have returned to me as two thieves
with filthy mouths
and bad attitudes.
Get out. And don't come back
until you've redeemed yourselves.
Boys, you gotta learn not
to talk to nuns that way.
Jake, Elwood.
- Curtis.
- Hey, man.
You look fine, man.
Good to see you, man.
Hey, buy you boys a drink?
Boys, things are bad.
They gonna sell this place
to the Board of Education
and I'll be out on the street.
That money's got to be in the Cook
County Assessor's
Office within 11 days.
They wouldn't turn
you out, would they?
Shit. What's one more old nigger
to the Board of Education?
Curtis, you and the Penguin
are the only family we got.
You're the only one that
was ever good to us
singing Elmore James tunes and
blowing the harp for us down here.
Well, the sister was right.
You boys could use a
little churching up.
Slide on down to the Triple
Rock and catch Rev. Cleophus.
You boys listen to
what he's got to say.
Curtis,
I don't want to listen
to no jive-ass preacher
talking to me about
heaven and hell.
Jake, you get wise.
You get to church.
All I'm saying is we
got to figure out
some way to get that
money honestly.
That could be a problem.
It's like the Penguin says.
We've got to make that
move towards redemption.
We got to go to church.
We've got to make that
move towards redemption.
We got to go to church.
Bullshit.
Come on.
And now, this week's sermon
is from our beloved, the
Rev. Cleophus James.
James.
- Come on, Reverend.
- Come on, preacher.
And now, people.
Take your time.
When I woke up this morning
I heard a disturbing sound.
Yeah.
I said, when I woke
up this morning
I heard a disturbing sound.
What I heard was the jingle-jangle
of a thousand lost souls.
I'm talking about the souls
of mortal men and women
departed from this life.
Wait a minute.
Those lost, anguished souls
roaming unseen over the earth,
seeking the divine light
they'll not find,
because it's too late.
Too late. Yeah. Too late
for them to ever see again
the light they once chose
not to follow. All right.
Don't be lost when
your time comes.
"For the day of the Lord cometh
"as a thief in the night."
Amen.
Say Amen.
Can I get Amen?
♪ Let us all, all go back ♪
♪ To the old, old landmark ♪
♪ As we stay in the
service of the Lord ♪
♪ Let us kneel, kneel in prayer ♪
♪ Gonna hold, hold my breath ♪
♪ Let us feel, feel that prayer ♪
♪ Kneel in prayer ♪
♪ Let us preach ♪
♪ Preach the word ♪
♪ Got to preach, preach
the word all the way ♪
♪ Do it, know it, feel it ♪
♪ Let us preach, preach the word ♪
♪ Got to preach ♪
♪ Preach the word all the way ♪
♪ Let's go all the way ♪
♪ Yeah, Lord ♪
♪ Gonna preach ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, Lord ♪
♪ Let's go all the way ♪
♪ To the old, old landmark ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know ♪
Jake, are you all right?
♪ Oh, child ♪
♪ Say it loud ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
The band.
Do you see the light?
What light?
Have you seen the light?
Yes. Jesus H. Tap-Dancing Christ.
I have seen the light.
The band, Elwood, the band.
The band?
The band.
Band.
Praise God.
And God bless the United
States of America.
♪ All go back ♪
♪ To the old, old landmark ♪
♪ Let us all, all go back ♪
♪ Do it, know it, feel it ♪
♪ Gonna go back ♪
♪ All go back ♪
♪ Stay in the service
of the Lord ♪
♪ Yeah, Lord ♪
We'll put the band back
together, do a few gigs.
We get some bread. Bang. $5,000.
Yeah, getting the
band back together
might not be that easy, Jake.
What are you talking about?
They split. They all
took straight jobs.
Yeah? So you know where they are.
You said you were keeping
in touch with them.
I got a couple of leads,
a few phone numbers.
But I mean, how many of them
visited or even wrote you, huh?
They're not the kind of
guys who write letters.
You were outside. I was inside.
You were supposed to keep
in touch with the band.
I kept asking you if we
were gonna play again.
What was I gonna do, take
away your only hope?
Take away the very thing that
kept you going in there?
I took the liberty of
bullshitting you. Okay?
You lied to me.
It wasn't lies. It
was just bullshit.
What?
Rollers. No.
Yeah.
What? What did I do?
You failed to stop
at a red signal.
The light was yellow, sir.
May I see your licence, please?
God damn it.
Man, I haven't been pulled
over in six months.
I bet those cops have got SCMODS.
SCMODS?
State County Municipal
Offender Data System.
Elwood, we show your licence
currently under suspension.
Step out of the car, please.
First you trade the
Cadillac for a microphone.
Then you lie to me about the band.
Now you're gonna put me
right back in the joint.
They're not gonna catch us.
We're on a mission from God.
Elwood.
We are in high-speed pursuit
northbound on Courtland Avenue.
Black-and-white 1974 Dodge
sedan with Illinois plates.
Request assistance.
We'll be all right if we can
just get back on the expressway.
This don't look like
no expressway to me.
Don't yell at me.
What do you want me
to do, motorhead?
Try not to be so
negative all the time.
Why don't you offer some
constructive criticism?
You got us into this
parking lot, pal.
Now you get us out.
You want out of this
parking lot? Okay.
Will there be anything else?
Yes. Do you have a Miss Piggy?
There's Hanson Burgers.
Yeah, lots of space in this mall.
Disco pants and haircuts.
Yeah.
Baby clothes.
This place has got everything.
New Oldsmobiles are
in early this year.
Pier 1 imports.
They broke my watch.
I'm gonna catch that sucker
if it's the last thing I ever do.
Nice place, huh?
Hey, Sam.
Hey, Lloyd.
Anybody call for me on the phone?
No. No calls.
Some guy left this card.
Cop. Said he'd be back.
This here's my brother, Jake.
He just got out of the joint.
He's gonna be staying
with me for a few weeks.
Yeah. Okay.
Did you get me my Cheez Whiz, boy?
Well, it ain't much,
but it's home.
How often does the train go by?
So often you won't even notice it.
- What are you doing?
- Making dinner. Want some?
No.
Tomorrow we got to get
the band back together.
I'm gonna quit work in the
morning, first thing.
And how are you going to get
to work, Mr. Lead Foot,
Mr. Hot Redder,
Mr. Motor Head?
Those cops took your licence away.
They got your name, your address.
No, they don't got my address.
I falsified my renewal. I
put down 1060 West Addison.
1060 West Addison?
That's Wrigley Field.
I gotta hit the sack.
Hey, you sleaze. My bed.
This, gentlemen, is the elegant
abode of one Elwood Blues.
Thanks for your help, Mr. Mercer.
I kind of like the
Wrigley Field bit.
Yeah, real cute.
All right, Sam?
Hi, has my friend arrived yet?
Failed to report in yesterday.
I don't want no trouble.
You just tell us where they are
and there'll be no trouble.
Stand back.
It's almost 9:00. We've
gotta go to work.
Well, Elwood, sit down.
What's on your mind?
I got to quit.
Why is that, Elwood?
I'm going to become a priest.
Well, okay.
Listen, I'll call payroll and have
them get your severance pay ready.
Good luck.
- God bless you, sir.
- Well, thank you.
What's this?
This is the last known address
of "Bones" Malone and
"Blue Lou" Marini.
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
Yeah.
Mrs. Toronto?
Tarantino.
Ma'am, do you have a Thomas Malone
or Louis Marini living here?
Not anymore. They moved
out a long time ago.
I don't take in boarders,
not for a long time.
- May we come in, ma'am?
- Please.
Did they leave a forwarding
address? A phone number?
No.
Did they live quietly? What
were their personal habits?
They were good boys
but they made a lot
of racket at night.
Are you the police?
No, ma'am. We're musicians.
Mr. Man.
Yes, ma'am?
They left this card.
Maybe it'll help you?
Thanks.
Thank you. You're marvellous.
You're marvellous. Thank you.
I'm Murph, and these
are the Magic Tones.
Steve "The Colonel" Cropper,
Donald "Duck" Dunn,
Willie "Too Big" Hall
and Tom "Bones" Malone.
We'll be back for the
Armada Room's two-hour
disco swing party after
this short break.
Till then, don't you go changing.
So, Jake, you're out. You're
free. You're rehabilitated.
What's next? What's
happening? What you gonna do?
You got the money you
owe us, motherfucker?
Look, let's just get
something straight here...
The reason he got locked in
the slam in the first place
was for sticking up a gas
station to cover you guys.
You're kidding.
He pulled that job to pay for
the band's room-service tab
from that Kiwanis
gig in Coal City.
You did? That's right.
So I don't want to hear anymore
of this small-change shit.
We're putting the
band back together.
Now, who here at this table
can honestly say that
they played any finer
or felt any better
than they did than
when they were with
the Blues Brothers?
You were the backbone.
The nerve centre of a great
rhythm-and-blues band.
You can make that live,
breathe and jump again.
"Murph and the Magic Tones?"
Look at you in those
candy-ass monkey suits.
And I thought I had
it bad in Joliet.
At least we got a change
in clothes, sucker.
You're wearing the same shit
you had on three years ago.
Jake ain't lying.
We had a band powerful enough to
turn goat piss into gasoline.
We'll never get that
fat sound again.
Not without some more horns.
We'll never get Mr. Fabulous.
Where is he? Forget it.
Mr. Fabulous is the top
maitre d' at the Chez Paul.
He's pulling down
six bills a week.
Matt Murphy got married.
Where is Matt "Guitar" Murphy?
He opened a soul food restaurant
with his old lady
on Maxwell Street.
And he took Blue Lou with him.
You'll never get Matt
and Mr. Fabulous
out of them high-paying gigs.
Oh, yeah?
Well, me and the Lord,
we got an understanding.
We're on a mission from God.
Mainly French cuisine.
No, sir. Mayor Daley
no longer dines here.
He's dead, sir.
Private dining rooms
are available.
Oh, no. I thought it was
supposed to be 5 years.
Didn't you get 5 years?
No, sir, not you.
And your name, sir?
Rizzolo, for 8 at
11:30. Thank you.
Mr. Fabulous, how marvellous
it is to see you.
You're looking younger than ever.
Wait. You guys can't come in here.
Oh, nonsense, my dear fellow.
My brother and I have come to dine
to celebrate my early release
from the service of the state.
Wait. Let's talk outside.
Let's have a cup
of coffee outside.
Why, heavens, no.
We seek a full meal and all
the compliments of the house.
Come, Elwood.
Let us adjourn ourselves
to the nearest table
and overlook this
establishment's board of fare.
Good evening. Chez
Paul. Wait. Hey.
Sir, do you mind calling back
in about five minutes, please?
I'm sure, we'll have a table
for you in just a few moments.
Excuse me, won't you?
Give us a bottle of
your finest champagne,
five shrimp cocktails and
some bread for my brother.
We have a Dom Perignon,
'71, at $120.
That'll be fine, pal.
Come on. Seriously, you guys, the
food here is really expensive.
The soup is fucking $10.
Come on. Let's go outside.
I'll buy you a cup of coffee.
We're putting the
band back together.
Forget it. No way.
We're on a mission from God.
Hold it, hold it. What's this?
Waiter? Sir?
Please, waiter?
Yes, sir? How are your salads?
The salads are fine.
It's just that we'd like
to move to another table,
away from those two gentlemen.
Why? Have they been
disturbing you?
No.
It's just that, well, frankly,
they're offensive... smelling.
I mean, they smell bad.
Excuse me, sir. I'll see if I can
locate another table for you.
Thank you.
Wrong glass, sir.
How much for the little girl?
The women? How much for the women?
What?
Your women, I want
to buy your women.
The little girl. Your daughters.
Sell them to me.
Sell me your children.
Maitre d'. Maitre d'.
Hey, cut it out, cut it out.
The owners are gonna ask
me to call the cops.
You wouldn't do that
to me, would you, man?
He just got out of Joliet.
He's on parole.
You can't call the
cops on him, man.
We're putting the
band back together.
I said no. Absolutely not.
You. How much for your wife?
We're putting the
band back together.
We need you, man.
We need your horn.
I can't. I really can't.
We got everybody except
Matt "Guitar" Murphy
and Blue Lou and we're
getting them next.
No way.
If you say no, Elwood and I
will come here for breakfast,
lunch and dinner every
day of the week.
Okay, okay. I'll play. You got me.
White men.
White women.
The swastika is calling you.
The sacred and ancient
symbol of your race
since the beginning of time.
The Jew is using the black
as muscle against you.
And you are left there, helpless.
Fuck you. Why don't you
go back where you belong?
What are you gonna
do about it, Whitey?
Just sit there?
Go back where you came from.
Of course not.
Son of a bitch.
You are going to join with us,
the members of the American
Socialist White People's Party.'
an organisation of decent,
law-abiding white folk
just like you.
Blow it out your
ass, you bastards.
Go to hell.
I pledge allegiance
to Adolf Hitler.
The immortal leader of our race.
To the order for which he stands.
And to the order for
which he stands.
One great cause. One great cause.
Sacred and invincible.
Hey, what's going on?
Those bums won their court case,
so they're marching today.
What bums?
The fucking Nazi Party.
Illinois Nazis.
I hate Illinois Nazis.
- Heil Hitler.
Ten hut.
Gruppenführer.
Yes, sir.
Gruppenführer, get that
car's licence plate number.
We're gonna kill
that son of a bitch.
Boom, boom, DOOITI, DOOITI
♪ Come on home, babe ♪
♪ Oh, come on home ♪
♪ Oh, come on home, come
on home to me, babe ♪
♪ I love you I love you ♪
♪ Come on come on, come on ♪
♪ Oh, come on home ♪
♪ Come on, I love ya ♪
♪ Hold me ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Look out ♪
♪ When she walk that walk ♪
♪ And talk that talk ♪
♪ And whisper in my ear ♪
♪ Tell me that she love me ♪
♪ I love that talk ♪
♪ That baby talk ♪
♪ When she talk like that ♪
♪ I can't take it like that ♪
♪ Haw, haw, haw, haw ♪
♪ Hey, hey, yeah ♪
♪ Come on home, pretty babe ♪
♪ Walk your walk ♪
♪ Talk your talk ♪
♪ Talk your talk, baby ♪
♪ Talk ♪
Yeah.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
That was Boom Boom, the song
that I wrote, back in the '50s.
No, you didn't.
Was such a big hit.
No, you didn't. No, you didn't.
I wrote Boom Boom.
Can I help you, boys?
You got any white bread?
Yes.
I'll have some toasted
white bread, please.
You want butter or jam
on that toast, honey?
No, ma'am. Dry.
Got any fried chicken?
Best damn chicken in the state.
Bring me four fried
chickens and a Coke.
You want chicken wings
or chicken legs?
Four fried chickens and a Coke.
And some dry white toast, please.
You all want anything
to drink with that?
- No, ma'am.
- A Coke.
Be up in a minute.
We got two honkies out there
dressed like Hasidic
diamond merchants.
Say what?
They look like they're
from the CIA or something.
What they wanna eat?
The tall one wants
white bread. Toast.
Dry. With nothing on it.
Elwood.
And the other one wants four
whole fried chickens and a Coke.
And Jake. Shit. The
Blues Brothers.
Hi, Jake.
Matt. How you doing?
How you doing? How was Joliet?
Oh, it's bad.
On Thursday night they serve
a wicked pepper steak.
Can't be as bad as
the cabbage rolls
at the Terre Haute Federal Pen.
Or that oatmeal at the Cook County
Slammer. They're all pretty bad.
Matt. Me and Elwood,
we're putting the band back
together. We need
you and Blue Lou.
Oh, man. Don't talk
that way around here.
My old lady, she'll kill me.
Ma'am, you gotta understand.
This is a lot bigger than
any domestic problems
you might be experiencing.
Matt, what the hell
is he talking about?
Don't get riled, sugar.
Don't you, "don't get
riled, sugar" me.
Now, you not going back
on the road no more.
And you ain't playing any
more two-bit, sleazy dives.
You're living with me now. And
you're not gonna go sliding around
with your old white
hoodlum friends.
But, babes. This is
Jake and Elwood.
The Blues Brothers.
They still owe you money, fool.
Ma'am, would it make you feel
any better if you knew that
what we're asking Matt here
to do is a holy thing?
You see, we're on a
mission from God.
Don't you blaspheme in here.
Now, this is my man,
this is my restaurant,
and you two are gonna just
walk right out that door,
without your dry, white toast,
without your four fried chickens
and without Matt "Guitar" Murphy.
Now, you listen to me. I love you.
But I'm the man and
you're the woman.
And I'll make the decisions
concerning my life.
You better think about
what you saying.
You better think about the
consequences of your actions.
Oh, shut up, woman.
♪ You better think, think ♪
♪ Think about what you're
trying to do to me ♪
♪ Yeah, think, think, think ♪
♪ Let your mind go let
yourself be free ♪
♪ Let's go back let's go back ♪
♪ Let's go way on back when ♪
♪ I didn't even know you ♪
♪ You couldn't have been
too much more than 10 ♪
♪ Just a child ♪
♪ I ain't no psychiatrist I
ain't no doctor with degrees ♪
♪ It don't take too much high IQ
to see what you're doing to me ♪
♪ You better think, think ♪
♪ Think about what you're
trying to do to me ♪
♪ Think, think, think ♪
♪ Let your mind go let
yourself be free ♪
♪ Oh, freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom ♪
♪ Yeah, freedom ♪
♪ Right now, freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom ♪
♪ Oh, freedom right now ♪
♪ Hey, think about it ♪
♪ You, think about it ♪
♪ There ain't nothing
you could ask ♪
♪ I could answer
you, but I won't ♪
♪ But I was gonna change that, ♪
♪ I'm not if you keep
doing things I don't ♪
♪ Think about what you're
trying to do to me ♪
♪ Damn it think ♪
♪ Let your mind go let
yourself be free ♪
♪ People walking around every day
playing games and taking scores ♪
♪ Trying to make other
people lose their mind ♪
♪ Be careful you
don't lose yours ♪
♪ Hey, think, think ♪
♪ Think about what you're
trying to do to me ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah think, think ♪
♪ Let your mind go let
yourself be free ♪
♪ You need me need me ♪
♪ And I need you don't you know ♪
♪ Without each other there
ain't nothing either can do ♪
♪ Yeah, think about it, babe ♪
♪ What you trying to do to me ♪
♪ To the bone, man think
about it right now ♪
♪ Oh, freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪
♪ Yeah, freedom ♪
♪ Freedom ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ You, think about it ♪
♪ There ain't nothing
you could ask ♪
♪ I can answer you, but I won't ♪
♪ But I was gonna change my mind
if you keep doing things I don't ♪
♪ Yeah, think, think ♪
♪ Think about what you're
trying to do to me ♪
♪ Think ♪
♪ Let your mind go let
yourself be free ♪
♪ You need me, need me ♪
♪ And I need you don't you know ♪
♪ Without each other there
ain't nothing either can do ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Think about it, baby ♪
♪ What you're trying to do to me ♪
♪ To the bone, man ♪
♪ Think about it, baby ♪
♪ Yeah, right on to the bone ♪
♪ For deepness to the
bone, for deepness ♪
♪ Yeah to the bone ♪
♪ For deepness, think about it ♪
♪ To the bone, for deepness ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Think about it,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ To the bone, for deepness
to the bone, for deepness ♪
♪ Think about it for deepness ♪
♪ Think about it ♪
♪ Don't give me the
blues, brother, hey ♪
♪ You had better ♪
♪ Stop and think about it, think ♪
♪ Think ♪
Let's boogie.
Well, go ahead, damn it.
Shit.
Pardon me, but we do
have a strict policy
concerning the handling
of the instruments.
An employee of Ray's Music
Exchange must be present.
Now, may I help you?
Ray, it's me. Joliet Jake.
I once rented some column
speakers from you for my band,
The Blues Brothers.
Hey, Ray. It's me, Murph, of
Murph and the Magic Tones.
Remember me? I bought
three Fender amps.
Oh, we sell a lot of amplifiers.
Not like these. They
were beautiful.
Upholstered with thick, red shag.
Oh, right, right. I remember now.
As a matter of fact, I'll buy
them all back for $350 a piece.
$350?
I paid $800 each,
not 6 months ago.
Well, you know depreciation, man.
Ray, we're here to buy stuff.
We need pianos, amps,
mikes, the works.
Now, go on. Get.
Breaks my heart, a boy
that young going bad.
Tell me a little about
this electric piano, Ray.
Oh, you have a good eye, my man.
That's the best in
the city of Chicago.
How much?
$2,000 and it's yours. You
can take it home with you.
Matter of fact, I'll throw
in the black keys for free.
$2,000 for this chunk of shit?
Come on, Ray.
I mean, really, Ray. It's used.
There's no action left
in this keyboard.
Excuse me.
I don't think there's
anything wrong
with the action on this piano.
♪ Well, singing about the fella
you've been dancing with ♪
♪ All over the neighbourhood ♪
♪ So, why didn't
you ask me, baby ♪
♪ Or didn't you think I could? ♪
♪ Well, I know that the
boogaloo is out of sight ♪
♪ But the shingaling's
the thing tonight ♪
♪ But if that was you and
me out there, baby ♪
♪ I would have shown you
how to do it right ♪
♪ Do it right ♪
♪ Twisting ♪
♪ Shake it, shake it, baby ♪
♪ Here we go loop de loop ♪
♪ Shake it out, baby ♪
♪ Here we go loop de la ♪
♪ Bend over ♪
♪ Let me see you shake
your tailfeather ♪
♪ Bend over ♪
♪ Let me see you shake
your tailfeather ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Let me see you shake
your tailfeather ♪
♪ Come on Let me see you
shake your tailfeather ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ Yeah, come on, baby ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Do the twist ♪
♪ Do the fly ♪
♪ Do the swim ♪
♪ And do the bird ♪
♪ Do the duck ♪
♪ Do the monkey ♪
♪ Watusi ♪
♪ And what about the frug ♪
♪ Do the mashed potato ♪
♪ What about the boogaloo ♪
♪ The Bony Maronie ♪
♪ Come on, let's do the twist ♪
♪ Ah, twisting ♪
♪ Shake it, shake it, baby ♪
♪ Twisting ♪
Okay, man.
We'll take these axes.
Naturally. And as usual,
I gotta take an IOU.
You guys go inside, get
yourselves a bite.
I've got to make a phone call.
Now, Jake, does this phone
call concern our first gig?
Have I ever lied to you?
What are we gonna do, man?
We don't got no gig.
How much money you got?
I got a quarter.
That's enough for a
phone call. Come on.
What are you doing, Elwood?
You said we were
gonna make a call.
I said I was gonna make a call.
Who are you gonna call, Jake?
Do you remember Maury Sline?
Sline? Booking agent?
What about him?
He got us some good
showcases in the old days.
He got us the Morgan Park,
he got us the Tick Took.
I got him laid. He owes me.
Give it a shot.
Hey, Jake.
There's got to be at least
$7 worth of change here.
Yeah?
Sir.
What did you find out?
Okay.
I called a friend at the
Motor Vehicle Department.
That licence plate is like a
rash all over the computer.
The car belongs to a
known traffic menace.
What's his name?
His name is Elwood Blues.
He's got a record a mile long.
And he's a Catholic.
- Did you get his address?
- Of course.
1060 West Addison.
Let's go.
Anybody with that kind of
record is gonna make a mistake.
I want all party members
in the tri-state
district to monitor
the city, county,
and state police on their C.B's.
Mr. Blues is gonna fuck up.
And when he does,
he better pray the police
get to him before we do.
All right, man.
We've been in this car
for three hours now.
Where the hell is this place?
I told you it'd take a
little while to get there.
What's the name of the place?
The name of the place is,
Bob's Country Bunker.
Here we are.
Bob's Country Bunker?
Jake, the sign says,
"Tonight only, the Good Ole Boys."
Blues Brothers.
It should read, "Tonight only,
"the Blues Brothers'
triumphant return."
Must be some kind of mistake.
You guys unload the stuff.
Elwood, come with me.
What can I get you boys?
You thirsty, you hungry
or just driving through?
Maybe you'd like a beer, or
something a little harder?
We happen to make the
state's best pepper steak.
No, thank you, ma'am.
We may be sucking back a few
beers a little later on.
We'll be here all night.
You see, we're the band.
You are? Oh, gee, that's nice.
Hey, Bob, this is the band.
All right.
What kind of music do
you usually have here?
We got both kinds. We got
country and western.
Jake, are you sure
this is the place?
Yeah. Sure. This is the place.
Hi. You the Good Ole
Boys? That's us.
The rest of the band's
out in the parking lot
getting our stuff together.
Well, I'm sure glad to
have you boys here.
I'm Bob and this here is my place.
It's a beautiful place, Bob.
I guess you wanna get your
steel guitars and everything
set up on stage, don't you?
Claire, go and turn
those stage lights
on and get these
boys going up there.
Chicken wire?
What do you say we set
up for sound check?
Excuse me, sonny, I guess
I'll give this to you.
You're the tallest one.
Okay, what is it?
Well, that there is
a list of the songs
you boys will be playing tonight.
Man, I don't think we know any
of the songs on this list.
This list doesn't mean anything.
They're just requests.
Do our regular set. First tune.
Give Me Some Loving. One, two.
One, two, three, four.
What are those damn freak
pecker heads playing?
Good evening, ladies
and gentlemen.
We're glad to be here
in Kokomo tonight.
We're the Good Old Blues
Brothers Boys Band from Chicago.
We sure hope you'll like our show.
I'm Elwood. This is
my brother Jake.
♪ Well, my temperature's rising
and my feet on the floor ♪
♪ Crazy people knocking Because
they wanted some more ♪
♪ Let me in, baby I don't
know what you got ♪
♪ You better take it easy
Because this place is hot ♪
♪ And I'm so glad you made it ♪
That ain't no Hank Williams song.
♪ Give me some loving ♪
Get off the stage.
♪ Every day ♪
Why'd they turn off the lights?
Maybe they blew a fuse.
I don't think so, man.
Those lights are off on purpose.
We gotta figure out something
these people like, and fast.
I got it. Remember the
theme from Rawhide?
The old favourite. Rowdy Yates.
- What key?
- A.
Good country key.
Rawhide in A.
♪ Rolling, rolling, rolling ♪
♪ Though the streams are swollen ♪
♪ Keep them dogies rolling ♪
♪ Rawhide ♪
♪ The rain and wind and weather
hellbent for leather ♪
♪ Wishing my gal was by my side ♪
♪ All the things I'm missing ♪
♪ Good vittles, love and kissing ♪
♪ Are waiting at the
end of my ride ♪
♪ Move 'em on head 'em up ♪
♪ Head 'em up move 'em on ♪
♪ Rawhide cut 'em out ♪
♪ Ride 'em in ride 'em in ♪
♪ Cut 'em out cut 'em out ♪
♪ Ride 'em in, rawhide ♪
♪ Move 'em on head 'em up ♪
♪ Head 'em up move 'em on ♪
♪ Rawhide cut 'em out ♪
♪ Ride 'em in ride 'em in ♪
♪ Cut 'em out cut 'em out ♪
♪ Ride 'em in, rawhide ♪
♪ Yah ♪
♪ Rawhide ♪
Theme from the TV show
Rawhide. Thank you.
We'd like to do a favourite
of the horn section.
We hope it's one of yours.
♪ Sometimes it's
hard to be a woman ♪
♪ Giving all your love ♪
♪ To just one man ♪
♪ And if you love him ♪
♪ Oh, be proud of him ♪
♪ Because after all ♪
♪ He's just a man ♪
♪ Stand by your man ♪
♪ Give him two arms to cling to ♪
♪ And something warm to come to ♪
♪ When nights are
cold and lonely ♪
♪ Stand by your man ♪
♪ And tell the world
you love him ♪
♪ Keep giving all
the love you can ♪
♪ Stand by your man ♪
♪ And show the world
you love him ♪
♪ Keep giving all
the love you can ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ Stand by your man ♪
Well, folks, it's time
to call it a night.
But do what you feel, and
keep both feet on the wheel.
You don't have to go home
but you can't stay here.
So, till next time:
♪ Move 'em on head 'em up ♪
♪ Head 'em up move 'em on ♪
♪ Rawhide ♪
♪ Cut 'em out ride 'em in ♪
♪ Ride 'em in cut 'em out ♪
♪ Cut 'em out ♪
♪ Ride 'em in, rawhide ♪
♪ Rawhide ♪
Let's get the hell out of here.
Shit, I wanna tell
you boys that's some
of the best goddamn
music we've had
at the Country Bunker
in a long time.
Sorry we couldn't remember
The Wreck of the Old 97.
Why, hell.
You guys can learn it next
time when you come back.
Bob, about our money for tonight.
That's right.
$200 and you boys drank
$300 worth of beer.
When we first came in the bar lady
never charged us for
the first round
so, like, we figured beer was
complimentary for the band.
Beer was, like, complimentary
for the band, you know.
No.
Well, I'll just go out and take
up a collection from the boys.
Well, I'll tell you, I
sure would appreciate it.
I say this trip is nowhere, man.
I say we gotta quit.
What? Quit?
Well, I wish you guys
would make up your mind.
Otherwise, I've gotta
call Mr. Ronzini
at the Holiday Inn and
get our old gig back.
Back at the Armada Room?
Listen, they want us to pay
for the beer we drank.
So you guys better split.
The next gig is gonna be dynamite.
Huge. You'll see.
I say we give The Blues
Brothers just one more chance.
Why not? If the
shit fits, wear it.
Scoot over, goddamn it.
Boys look a little upset.
Hey, man. Don't worry.
We got a couple of days.
We'll get the Penguin's tax money.
I mean, look.
We got an appointment to
see Mr. Sline tomorrow.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Let's skate.
Goddamn it.
Excuse me, gentlemen. Are
you The Good Ole Boys?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm Tucker McElroy, lead singer,
driver of the Winnebago.
I'd like to talk to you, but
we're running very late.
My name is Jacob Stein,
American Federation
of Musicians Union, Local 200.
I've been sent here to see if you
gentlemen are carrying
your permits.
Our what?
Your union cards.
May I see your cards, please?
Suppose we ain't got
no union cards and
we go in and start playing anyway.
What you gonna do about that?
You gonna stop us? Stein?
You gonna look pretty
funny trying to eat
corn on the cob with
no fucking teeth.
Listen,
let me talk to Bob, the owner.
See if we can put your band on
contract waivers for tonight.
I don't want you to
move from this spot.
Just let me handle this.
We'll, We'll talk to Bob.
Get in the car and start her up.
You know you boys owe
me a lot of money
for that beer you drank tonight.
Goddamn it.
Bob, we loved playing
here tonight.
My brother's writing out an
American Express traveller's
cheque to cover the
extensive bar tab.
Well, I sure would appreciate it.
I'd better check up,
see how he's doing.
See, I have to sign it, too.
I usually sit in the
car and write it
out on the, glove compartment lid.
Okay?
I need a pencil.
Were them guys from the union?
Union? What the hell union?
Those boys skipped out of here
owing me a lot of money for beer.
What the hell are you
guys all dressed up for?
We're The Good Ole Boys.
You're The Good Ole Boys?
A.F.M. Shit.
Our Lady of Blessed Acceleration,
don't fail me now.
I don't believe it.
It's that shitbox Dodge again.
The bastards are ours now.
Holy shit.
Boys, you're in big trouble.
Maury, you owe me.
We'll play anywhere,
anytime, for anybody.
Put us in, the Double Up Lounge,
or the Morgan Park
Theatre, or the Crystal.
We always knocked them
dead in those joints.
Discos. They're all discos.
Singles. Mixed
singles, gay singles.
Those people like
to tumble and carry
on. They like to dance
with each other.
We are a dance band.
I don't know, boys.
I just don't know.
Times have changed,
you know what I mean?
What are you guys gonna
do? The same act?
You wear the same farchadat suits.
You'll scare people away.
Don't you ever wear
blue jeans or jumpsuits
like Wayne Cochran
and the C.C. Riders?
You gotta come through for us.
We need $5,000, fast.
$5,000?
Who do you think you
are? The Beatles?
You know the size hall you gotta
work to take in
that kind of money?
We'll fill any hall
in the country.
You guys familiar with the
Palace Hotel ballroom?
Never heard of it.
Nice place up north.
Built in the '40s
on Lake Wazapamani.
That seats 5,000.
You guys fill that place,
you can make $5,000, easy.
Book us for tomorrow night.
Hold it. Tomorrow night?
A gig like that, you gotta
prepare the proper exploitation.
I know about that stuff. I
been exploited all my life.
Forget it. There's no way with
you guys. Forget about it.
Say, how's Mrs. Sline?
I might have some information
she'd like to know.
You blackmailing me?
If you wanna put it that way.
Maury, we need this gig.
We're on a mission from God.
You get us the hall,
and I guarantee
we'll pack them in
from miles around.
What do you say?
Okay. I'll get you
the Palace Hotel.
I'll print up showbills. I'll make
the place look real pretty, okay?
I don't think you guys are
gonna gross dollar one.
But if you do, I want a
taste of the gate, okay?
Thanks, Maury. Let's go, boys.
Listen,
you boys heard me talk
about Jake and Elwood.
Well, they used to live
here, just like you.
And I used to sing to
them, just like with you.
Tonight,
Jake and Elwood are going
out to sing and play
to raise money to
help you children.
Your lazy butts are in this, too.
So get up on that wagon.
We're going up north to put
the word in the streets.
Tonight only, the
fabulous Blues Brothers,
Rhythm and Blues Revue
at the Palace Hotel
ballroom, Route 16,
Lake Wazapamani.
The fabulous Blues Brothers,
Show Band and Revue.
There you go, boy.
All right, man.
Check it out. Check it out.
Tonight only.
From Chicago.
The Blues Brothers.
Rhythm and Blues Revue.
One night only. The fabulous...
Blues Brothers Show
Band and Revue.
You. On the motorcycle.
You two girls.
Tell your friends.
Free parking.
$2 cover charge only, folks.
That's a lot of entertainment.
For $2.
Will you please put this
in the window, lady,
because it's real important.
Tonight only, from Chicago,
the fabulous Blues Brothers,
Rhythm and Blues Revue,
for your dancing pleasure.
And it's ladies' night tonight
at the Palace Hotel ballroom.
"Tonight only, the Blues Brothers,
"genuine Rhythm and
Blues Show and Revue.
"Palace Hotel ballroom.
Tonight only."
How we doing?
So far we covered Lake, McHenry
and part of DuPage County.
Good. Let's get to the gig.
What is it?
We're out of gas.
Oh, shit.
Wow, a classic. What a room.
This place is gonna swing tonight.
It's a fucking barn.
We'll never fill it.
We've gotta fill this
hall tonight. A lot
of young children are
depending on it.
Young children? Why,
what do you mean?
Jake and Elwood are donating the
band's share of the door money
to pay the taxes on the Saint
Helen's Orphanage in Calumet City.
What?
We're out of gas. Yep.
Mind if we fill her up?
Nope. I said we're out of gas.
Tanker truck's late. Should
have been here two hours ago.
It's always late on Thursdays.
I guess we'll have to wait.
Yeah.
Excuse me, sir.
Yes, you. Could you
fill it up with
premium, please, and
check under the hood?
Sure.
You, want I should,
wash the dead bugs
off the windscreen?
Oh, no. Don't worry. I'm
in kind of a hurry.
Where in the hell are they?
So, maybe you'd like to
come by and see the show.
Oh, I'm awfully sorry,
but I do have a prior
dinner engagement.
Thanks, Marvin.
Debbie, get me Troopers
Daniel and Mount.
I don't see those Blues Brothers.
We'll wait.
Okay, you're all set.
That'll be, $94.
Here's $95. Thank you, Elwood.
Okay. And that's $1 change.
Oh, keep the change.
Oh, thanks.
So, look. If your date
don't work out tonight
for any reason,
there's a motel up
on the interstate.
Maybe we could, say, meet
around, midnight?
I'll think about it, Elwood, okay?
Bye.
Son of a bitch.
Come on.
We're really late. You
better step on it, man.
Yeah.
I always like to perform
for angry mobs.
You can't quit now.
What can they be doing?
My head hurts.
That Night Train's a mean wine.
You'd better get bright.
We got a show to do.
Then we gotta figure out some
way to collect that gate money,
get it to the Cook
County Assessor's office
as soon as they open
in the morning.
We want the show.
Gentlemen, I'm leaving.
Man, we were so close.
Hey, you guys know
Minnie The Moocher?
I knew a hooker once
named Minnie Mazola.
No. The song Minnie the Moocher.
Yeah. So what?
Hit it.
♪ Hey folks here's a story about ♪
♪ Minnie the Moocher ♪
♪ She was a low-down
hoochie coocher ♪
♪ She was the roughest
toughest frail ♪
♪ But Minnie had a heart ♪
♪ As big as a whale ♪
♪ She messed around with
a bloke named Smokey ♪
♪ She loved him
though he was cokey ♪
♪ He took her down to Chinatown ♪
♪ And he showed her how
to kick the gong around ♪
♪ She had a dream about
the King of Sweden ♪
♪ He gave her things
that she was needing ♪
♪ He gave her a home built
of gold and steel ♪
♪ A diamond car with
the platinum wheels ♪
This is glue. Strong stuff.
What the hell are you doing?
This can is from a
surplus disposal run.
Fifteen overcharged ounces
of pure uncompounded isoproponyl
butane monosulphide.
When combined with
oxygen and a little heat
it will cause a rapid expansion.
♪ Poor Min, poor Min ♪
♪ Poor Min ♪
Okay, let's take
them. Wait a minute.
I've never even heard these
boys sing, all right?
All right.
They're not going no place.
All right, cover all exits.
Let's go. Come on. Hurry up.
Move it.
Who wants an Orange Whip?
Orange Whip? Orange Whip?
Three Orange Whips.
Excuse us.
Good evening, ladies.
One, two. One, two, three, four.
Now, ladies and gentlemen
it is the distinct pleasure of
the management to present to you
the evening's star attraction.
Here they are, back after their
exclusive three-year tour
of Europe, Scandinavia
and the Subcontinent.
Won't you welcome, from
Calumet City, Illinois,
the show band of Joliet
Jake and Elwood Blues.
The Blues Brothers.
One, two. One, two, three, four.
We're so glad to see so many of
you lovely people here tonight.
We'd especially like to welcome
all the representatives
of Illinois' law
enforcement community,
who have chosen to join us here
in the Palace Hotel
ballroom at this time.
We certainly hope you
all enjoy the show.
And remember that no
matter who you are
and what you do to live,
thrive and survive
there're still some things
that make us all the same.
You. Me. Them. Everybody.
Everybody.
♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Needs somebody ♪
♪ Needs somebody to love ♪
♪ Someone to love ♪
♪ Sweetheart to miss ♪
♪ Sugar to kiss ♪
♪ I need you I need you ♪
♪ I need you, you, you ♪
♪ In the morning ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ When my soul's on fire ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel ♪
♪ I feel a little sad inside ♪
♪ When my baby mistreats me ♪
♪ I never; never find a
place to hide I need you ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel ♪
♪ I feel a little sad inside ♪
♪ When my baby mistreats me ♪
♪ I never, never find a
place to hide I need you ♪
♪ People, when you do find
that special somebody ♪
♪ You gotta hold that
man, hold that woman ♪
♪ Love him, please him,
squeeze her, please her ♪
♪ Signify your feelings
with every gentle caress ♪
♪ Because it's so important to
have that special somebody ♪
♪ To hold, to kiss, to miss ♪
♪ To squeeze and please ♪
♪ Everybody needs somebody ♪
♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Needs somebody to love ♪
♪ Someone to love ♪
♪ Sweetheart to miss ♪
♪ Sugar to kiss ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ In the morning ♪
♪ When my soul's on fire ♪
♪ When there ain't no
one around I need you ♪
♪ I need you, you, you ♪
♪ I need you ♪
Thank you. That was
for Wilson Pickett.
This is dedicated to the
late, great Magic Sam.
One, two. One, two, three, four.
♪ Come on baby don't
you wanna go ♪
♪ Back to that same old place ♪
♪ Sweet home Chicago ♪
♪ Six and three is nine ♪
♪ Nine and nine is 18 ♪
♪ Look there brother baby and
you'll see what I seen ♪
♪ Baby, don't you wanna go ♪
♪ Back to that same old place ♪
♪ Sweet home Chicago ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Baby, don't you wanna go ♪
♪ Back to that same old place ♪
♪ Sweet home Chicago ♪
The Mafia's after us now.
You guys were hot.
You were great. Insane.
I've got to record you.
Bullshit.
Bullshit? I don't bullshit.
I'm president of Clarion Records
the largest recording company
on the Eastern seaboard.
So what?
Here's $10,000.
An advance on your first
recording session.
Is it a deal?
Yeah. Sure, it's a deal.
Listen, all these cops out here,
they're sort of waiting for us.
We gotta get out
with nobody seeing
us. You know a back door out?
Sure. I used to be head bouncer
here back in the '70s.
There's an electrical service duct
right behind your drummer's riser.
Do us a favour.
Take $1,400
and give it to Ray's Music
Exchange in Calumet City
and give the rest to the band.
You got it. Thanks.
Me and Elwood are gonna
make a break for it.
You and the band keep playing.
Something's wrong.
Where's Jake?
Where'd those Blues Brothers go?
I sure hope this thing
leads some place.
Elwood, we're gone, man.
Who is that girl?
Well, Jake.
You look just fine down there
slithering in the mud like vermin.
No problem.
You're not gonna get
away from me this time.
Check that out. Let's go.
It's good to see you, sweetheart.
You contemptable pig.
I remained celibate for you.
I stood at the back of a cathedral
waiting, in celibacy, for you
with 300 friends and
relatives in attendance.
My uncle hired the best
Romanian caterers in the state.
To obtain the seven limousines
for the wedding party
my father used up his last
favours with Mad Pete Trullo.
So for me, for my mother,
my grandmother, my
father, my uncle,
and for the common good
I must now kill you
and your brother.
Oh, please don't kill us.
Please, please, don't kill us.
You know I love you, baby.
I wouldn't leave you.
It wasn't my fault.
You miserable slug.
You think you can talk
your way out of this?
You betrayed me.
No, I didn't. Honest.
I ran out of gas.
I had a flat tyre.
I didn't have enough
money for cab fare.
My tux didn't come back
from the cleaners.
And old friend came
in from out of town.
Someone stole my car.
There was an earthquake.
A terrible flood.
Locusts. It wasn't my fault,
I swear to God.
Oh, Jake...
Jake, honey.
Let's go.
Take it easy.
You're going to totally
demolish the cars.
You want to maybe consider going
after the Blues Brothers?
It's 106 miles to Chicago.
We got a full tank of gas,
half a pack of cigarettes,
it's dark, and we're
wearing sunglasses.
Hit it.
Shit, man. Can't this damn
thing go any faster than this?
Bob, I think I've got
a little problem.
Goddamn, boy.
Don't you say a fucking word.
All units, we have a signal 10-79.
Officers are in pursuit:
a black-and-white 1974 Dodge sedan
southbound on 47.
Respond to signal 10-79.
Occupants of vehicle:
one Joliet Jake Blues,
one Elwood Blues.
Considered extremely
dangerous. Gruppenführer.
Hey, Jake,
I gotta pull over.
Southbound on State Highway 47.
Hi. Wanna hand me the mike?
Thanks a lot.
This is car... What number are we?
55.
Car 55. We're in a truck.
Signal 10-79 still engaged.
Vehicle travelling southbound
approaching Chicago city limits.
Commander advises
will contact Chicago
precincts for a local intercept.
Maintain pursuit.
Use of unnecessary violence
in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers
has been approved.
Well, this is definitely
Lower Wacker Drive.
If my estimations are correct
we should be very close to
the Honourable Richard
J. Daley Plaza.
That's where they
got that Picasso.
Yep.
Son of a bitch.
There they are.
Oh, no. What the fuck was that?
The motor. It's thrown a rod.
Is that serious?
Yep.
Faster.
Holy shit.
I've always loved you.
There it is.
Come on.
Sir, where's the office of
the Assessor of Cook County?
Down the hall, turn right.
Take the elevator to 1102.
Thank you, sir.
Excuse me. Did you see
two guys come in here
with black suits and hats,
one carrying a briefcase?
Yeah, I just sent them down there.
Thank you.
Hold the door.
Let's go.
Can I help you?
This is where they pay
the taxes, right?
Right.
This money is for the
year's assessment on the
Saint Helen of the
Blessed Shroud Orphanage
in Calumet City, Illinois.
$5,000. It's all there, pal.
Stand back.
Fire.
And here is your receipt.
♪ Warden threw a party
in the county jail ♪
♪ Prison band was there
and they began to wail ♪
♪ The band was jumping and
the joint began to swing ♪
♪ You should have heard those
knocked-out jailbirds sing ♪
♪ Let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Spider Murphy played
the tenor saxophone ♪
♪ Little Joe was blowing
on the slide trombone ♪
♪ The drummer boy from Illinois
went crash, boom, bang ♪
♪ The whole rhythm section
was the Purple Gang ♪
♪ Let's rock Everybody
let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ They were dancing ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ They were dancing,
dancing, dancing, dancing ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ They were dancing to
the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ They were dancing to
the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Sad Sack was sitting
on a block of stone ♪
♪ Way over in the corner
weeping all alone ♪
♪ The warden said buddy
don't you be no square ♪
♪ If you can't get a partner
use a wooden chair ♪
♪ Let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody let's rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock yeah ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ They was dancing ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ They were dancing,
dancing, dancing, dancing ♪
♪ Dancing to the jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ Everybody on the
whole cell block ♪
♪ Was dancing to the
jailhouse rock ♪
♪ One, two. One,
two, three, four ♪
♪ People, when you do find
that special somebody ♪
♪ You gotta hold that
man, hold that woman ♪
♪ Love him, please him,
squeeze her, please her ♪
♪ Signify your feelings
with every gentle caress ♪
♪ Because it's so important to
have that special somebody ♪
♪ To hold, to kiss, to miss ♪
♪ To squeeze and please ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org